Metasploit
============

- msf5 (6 is latest while doing this room) uses postgresql db.

Rock 'em to the Core [Commands]
--------------------------------

Alias for help option in metasploit?
	?

Finding various modules we have at our disposal within Metasploit is one of the most common commands we will leverage in the framework. What is the base command we use for searching?
	search

Once we've found the module we want to leverage, what command we use to select it as the active module?
	use

How about if we want to view information about either a specific module or just the active one we have selected?
	info

Metasploit has a built-in netcat-like function where we can make a quick connection with a host simply to verify that we can 'talk' to it. What command is this?
	connect

Entirely one of the commands purely utilized for fun, what command displays the motd/ascii art we see when we start msfconsole (without -q flag)?
	banner

We'll revisit these next two commands shortly, however, they're two of the most used commands within Metasploit. First, what command do we use to change the value of a variable?
	set

Metasploit supports the use of global variables, something which is incredibly useful when you're specifically focusing on a single box. What command changes the value of a variable globally?
	setg

Now that we've learned how to change the value of variables, how do we view them? There are technically several answers to this question, however, I'm looking for a specific three-letter command which is used to view the value of single variables.
	get

How about changing the value of a variable to null/no value?
	unset

When performing a penetration test it's quite common to record your screen either for further review or for providing evidence of any actions taken. This is often coupled with the collection of console output to a file as it can be incredibly useful to grep for different pieces of information output to the screen. What command can we use to set our console output to save to a file?
	spool

Leaving a Metasploit console running isn't always convenient and it can be helpful to have all of our previously set values load when starting up Metasploit. What command can we use to store the settings/active datastores from Metasploit to a settings file? This will save within your msf4 (or msf5) directory and can be undone easily by simply removing the created settings file. 
	save



Modules for Every Occasion!
----------------------------

Easily the most common module utilized, which module holds all of the exploit code we will use?
	exploit

Used hand in hand with exploits, which module contains the various bits of shellcode we send to have executed following exploitation?
	payload

Which module is most commonly used in scanning and verification machines are exploitable? This is not the same as the actual exploitation of course. 
	auxiliary

One of the most common activities after exploitation is looting and pivoting. Which module provides these capabilities?
	post

Commonly utilized in payload obfuscation, which module allows us to modify the 'appearance' of our exploit such that we may avoid signature detection?
	encoder

Last but not least, which module is used with buffer overflow and ROP attacks?
	nop

Not every module is loaded in by default, what command can we use to load different modules? 
	load


Move that shell!
-----------------

Seems like this is a challenge in the room. So I initiated inner-msf nmap scan on the target host...

IP: 10.10.147.145

Dayum... Things are pretty much lovely in msf... 

Some commands to note after nmap scan...

	- hosts
	- services

Open Ports:

135/tcp   open  msrpc        Microsoft Windows RPC
139/tcp   open  netbios-ssn  Microsoft Windows netbios-ssn
445/tcp   open  microsoft-ds Microsoft Windows 7 - 10 microsoft-ds (workgroup: WORKGROUP)
5357/tcp  open  http         Microsoft HTTPAPI httpd 2.0 (SSDP/UPnP)
8000/tcp  open  http         Icecast streaming media server
49152/tcp open  msrpc        Microsoft Windows RPC
49153/tcp open  msrpc        Microsoft Windows RPC
49154/tcp open  msrpc        Microsoft Windows RPC
49158/tcp open  msrpc        Microsoft Windows RPC
49159/tcp open  msrpc        Microsoft Windows RPC
49160/tcp open  msrpc        Microsoft Windows RPC

I used the first exploit as icecast_header... 
Payload: meterpreter/reverse_tcp.


We're in, now what?
-------------------


First things first, our initial shell/process typically isn't very stable. Let's go ahead and attempt to move to a different process. First, let's list the processes using the command 'ps'. What's the name of the spool service?
	spoolsv.exe

Let's go ahead and move into the spool process or at least attempt to! What command do we use to transfer ourselves into the process? This won't work at the current time as we don't have sufficient privileges but we can still try! 
	migrate

Well that migration didn't work, let's find out some more information about the system so we can try to elevate. What command can we run to find out more information regarding the current user running the process we are in?
	getuid

How about finding more information out about the system itself?
	sysinfo

This might take a little bit of googling, what do we run to load mimikatz (more specifically the new version of mimikatz) so we can use it? 
	load kiwi

Let's go ahead and figure out the privileges of our current user, what command do we run?
	getprivs

What command do we run to transfer files to our victim computer? 
	upload

How about if we want to run a Metasploit module?
	run

A simple question but still quite necessary, what command do we run to figure out the networking information and interfaces on our victim? 
	ipconfig

One quick extra question, what command can we run in our meterpreter session to spawn a normal system shell? 
	shell


Makin' Cisco Proud
--------------------


Let's go ahead and run the command `run autoroute -h`, this will pull up the help menu for autoroute. What command do we run to add a route to the following subnet: 172.18.1.0/24? Use the -n flag in your answer.
	run autoroute -s 172.18.1.0 -n 255.255.255.0

Additionally, we can start a socks4a proxy server out of this session. Background our current meterpreter session and run the command `search server/socks4a`. What is the full path to the socks4a auxiliary module?
	auxiliary/server/sock4a

Once we've started a socks server we can modify our /etc/proxychains.conf file to include our new server. What command do we prefix our commands (outside of Metasploit) to run them through our socks4a server with proxychains?
	proxychains

With this... I wrap up the metasploit's room. Let's move onto solving the box blue.
